Update server-migration.md (#6558)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/server-migration.md

## Azure Defender scenarios

### You're using Azure Defender. The Microsoft Monitoring Agent (MMA) and/or Microsoft Antimalware for Azure (SCEP) are installed and you want to upgrade.

> If you're using Azure Defender, you can leverage the automated upgrade process when this enters preview around Q1 of 2022. See [Protect your endpoints with Security Center's integrated EDR solution: Microsoft Defender for Endpoint](/azure/security-center/security-center-wdatp#enable-the-microsoft-defender-for-endpoint-integration) for updates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Azure Defender, you can leverage the automated upgrade process when this enters public preview around the first quarter of 2022. See [Protect your endpoints with Security Center's integrated EDR solution: Microsoft Defender for Endpoint](/azure/security-center/security-center-wdatp#enable-the-microsoft-defender-for-endpoint-integration) for updates. 
```
